packages/pigeon/platform_tests/README.md, before:

# Native Pigeon Tests

This directory contains native test harnesses for native and end-to-end tests
of Pigeon-generated code. The [test script](../tool/run_tests.dart) generates
native code from [pigeons/](../pigeons/) into the native test scaffolding, and
then drives the tests there.

To run these tests, use [`run_tests.dart`](../tool/run_tests.dart)

## test\_plugin

The new unified test harness for all platforms. Tests in this plugin use the
same structure as tests for the Flutter team-maintained plugins, as described
[in the repository documentation](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Plugin-Tests).

## alternate\_language\_test\_plugin

The test harness for alternate languages, on platforms that have multiple
supported plugin languages. It covers:
- Java for Android
- Objective-C for iOS

## flutter\_null\_safe\_unit\_tests

Dart unit tests for null-safe mode. This is a legacy structure from before
NNBD was the only mode Pigeon supported; these should be folded back into
the main tests.

Commit message:

[pigeon] Use a shared generation step for platform_tests/ (#2823)
* Reorganize process helpers to reduce duplicate code

* Add wrappers for common process commands

* WIP generation consolidation

* Re-add the Java special casing that the bash version did

* Fix gradlew check

* Add ignores for Dart for now

* Update README

* Typo fix

* Autoformat

* Fix Windows

* Windows command fix

* Try returning to runInShell:true to see if that fixes the CI hang

* Revert more of _runWindowsUnitTests for CI debugging

* Add missed early return for failure

* Verbose build, and disable Dart generation to further reduce differences

* Revert "Verbose build, and disable Dart generation to further reduce differences"

This reverts commit ddfbf8b7162169c9bbd46736b3809adb7cdd92ca.

* Revert "Revert more of _runWindowsUnitTests for CI debugging"

This reverts commit e4e867cdf29c2886dd3dadc787c42ecb0c8720bc.

* Revert "Try returning to runInShell:true to see if that fixes the CI hang"

This reverts commit a124e08534e6a5af9e9e10ed6b2ccb96fa62ac9d.

* Fix Windows includes

packages/pigeon/platform_tests/README.md, after:

# Native Pigeon Tests

This directory contains native test harnesses for native and end-to-end tests
of Pigeon-generated code. The [test script](../tool/run_tests.dart) generates
native code from [pigeons/](../pigeons/) into the native test scaffolding, and
then drives the tests there.

To run these tests, use [`run_tests.dart`](../tool/run_tests.dart).

Alternately, if you are running them directly (e.g., from within a platform
IDE), you can use [`generate.dart`](../tool/generate.dart) to generate the
necessary Pigeon output.

## test\_plugin

The new unified test harness for all platforms. Tests in this plugin use the
same structure as tests for the Flutter team-maintained plugins, as described
[in the repository documentation](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Plugin-Tests).

## alternate\_language\_test\_plugin

The test harness for alternate languages, on platforms that have multiple
supported plugin languages. It covers:
- Java for Android
- Objective-C for iOS

## flutter\_null\_safe\_unit\_tests

Dart unit tests for null-safe mode. This is a legacy structure from before
NNBD was the only mode Pigeon supported; these should be folded back into
the main tests.
